Now turning to a slightly more powerful analytics tool is of course Google Analytics.
So if you've never used this just go to analytics Google dot com and you'll be able to sign in with
your normal Google account and it's completely free to use and it offers some really really useful tools.
So if you hit that down arrow and seinen and then go to analytics you'll be confronted with a dashboard
that looks a bit like this.
And in order to set up a new property to track all you have to do is just click on the settings icon
and the left menu bar and then click the down arrow under the property and then hit create a new property.
Now it's going to take you to a set up page where you give it a name give it the you Arel which is the
Jarrell of your campaign page and then you hit the get tracking ID button and it's going to give you
an I.D. which you're going to paste into the dashboard of your Kickstarter campaign under the section
where it says Google Analytics tracking ID.
Now once you hit update tracking I.D. It can take anywhere between 24 to 48 hours before data starts
coming in from Kickstarter through to Google Analytics so be patient and just wait about a day.
Now once you've done that the next thing to do is again go back to that settings page and having your
property selected.
So in this case we call it Kickstarter on the right side hand menu.
Want to go into that e-commerce settings.
And here I go able to enable e-commerce which means that you're going to track the conversion rate of
people who come through various traffic.
You want to enable e-commerce make it on and then enhanced e-commerce settings leave it off and then
just hit submit.
Now that also takes a little while to set up.
But once that's all set up and you're getting data and you're able to see your conversion rate inside
the conversions menu and you can also see depending on various traffic.
So you can go into acquisition and sources slash medium and you can see which blog post generated the
most conversions for example or which traffic sources bring the most people to your campaign.
And it's a whole bunch of really really interesting data that allows you to almost with laser accuracy
focus on your highest converting traffic sources.